KOTV Constitution.md, before:

# Constitution

## Membership

Membership to the according Gaming Community (E.g: Planetside 2) is being given upon joining in-game (Outfit, Guilds, etc.) and participating in the community.

**Members** have certain rights and duties.

Duties:

* Decorum of good sportsmanship
* No racism, except against french people
* Do not breach games EULA
* Respect and/or execute **Community Policies**

Rights:

* Bear KOTV tag in-game
* Apply to the **Staff** and have a say in **Community Policies**
* Members can take any grievance to **Staff** that will be sorted out during a **Staff Meeting**

## Staff

The **Staff** are elected members during either a Community Meeting or during a **Staff Meeting**.

Same rights and duties as a member.

Duties:

* Moderating the Discord
* Promotions and demotions in-game and on Discord
* Deciding **Community Policies** planned during sessions with votes
* Getting members’ feedback for the **Staff** during meetings

Rights:

* Ratifying kick of members, if constitution or duties of members has been breached
* Ratifying exceptional kicks in case of any [EULA](https://www.planetside2.com/eula) breach

**Staff** can be elected in a majority fashion by the members during a **Community Meeting** or a **Staff Meeting**. Each candidate can give an overview about their previous contributions to KOTV or other outfits, lay out their plan how they will contribute to the outfit and why they are qualified to hold the position (will be the same duration as a **Community Leader** mandate).

This position has a one month trial when first elected after which the staff decides to validate it by a majority vote.

**Community Policies** will only be valid if it was decided upon by majority votes during an **Staff Meeting**.

## Community Meeting

The Community Meeting is held between **Community Leader** mandates to vote upon Official Members election: **Community Leader, Force Commander** (and all elected individuals) and also **Staff**.

**Community Meeting** will be held at least once per 3 month.

**Community Meeting** sessions are only valid if at least 5 days prior to and immediately before the assembly all members were informed.

**Community Meeting** can be held exceptionally if asked at least by one **Representative** and voted upon during a **Staff Meeting**.

A **Community Meeting** is only open to **members**.

**Community Leader** candidates will present their program (written, spoken or slides) during the **Community Meeting** and the participants will elect a **Community Leader** by a majority vote.

The vote for a Community Leader will take place prior to any other vote, if applicable.

### Community Leader

Same duties and rights as **Staff**.

Duties:

* Leads the **Staff Meetings** and **Community Meetings**
* Lead the diplomacy between other gaming communities
* Lead the outfit and pass on to new generations of government bodies

Rights:

* Right to decide during votes in case of ties (during **Community Meetings** and **Staff Meetings**)

### Force Commander

Same rights as **Staff**.

Duties:

* Lead an independent military body
* Oversee training for in-game leaders and be the primary escalation for in-game behaviour
* Responsible for engagement with in-game competitions
* Spread our message and promote the outfit

Rights:

* Set up a hierarchy inside the army by the promotion of in-game  leaders and military advisors
* Executive control over all forces on the battlefield and the outfit resources

## Right to Contest

To call for an early reelection, demote or kick an active **Community Leader**, **Force Commander** or an elected individual**,** a **Community Meeting** must be held and all members of the outfit need to be informed at least 3 days before and right before the assembly is held.

A two thirds majority vote of the **Community Meeting** is needed.

A petition from members (at least three signatures required) can be made to turn the decision from an official vote into a **Community Meeting** vote, which must be announced 3 days prior to the voting, requiring a two/third majority to pass.

A **representative** can be ousted from the said **Staff**. Can be done during an **Staff** Meeting or a **Community Meeting** on a two thirds vote.

## Amendments

The constitution can only be altered by a vote of a two thirds majority fashion in a **Community Meeting**.

Commit message:

Staff are no longer 'elected'
Previous constitution was contradictory...
Staff were able to choose new staff outside of a Community Meeting,
at any time, all the while we'd re-vote existing staff back in
each CM, in some weird ritual where 'No' votes were basically memes.

Staff still have the ability to expel troublesome people by majority,
and any member can petition to kick any Staff member
(or elected position i.e. CL or FC) in a CM by two-thirds majority.

Further, members can raise grievances with any staff member or CL,
and stay anonymous from any others as they choose.

KOTV Constitution.md, after:

# Constitution

## Membership

Membership to the according Gaming Community (E.g: Planetside 2) is being given upon joining in-game (Outfit, Guilds, etc.) and participating in the community.

**Members** have certain rights and duties.

Duties:

* Decorum of good sportsmanship
* No racism, except against french people
* Do not breach games EULA
* Respect and/or execute **Community Policies**

Rights:

* Bear KOTV tag in-game
* Apply to the **Staff** and have a say in **Community Policies**
* Members can take any grievance to **Staff** that will be sorted out during a **Staff Meeting**

## Staff

**Staff** members can be nominated by *Members* during a Community Meeting or chosen by Staff at any time.

Same rights and duties as a member.

Duties:

* Moderating the Discord
* Promotions and demotions in-game and on Discord
* Deciding **Community Policies** planned during sessions with votes
* Getting members’ feedback for the **Staff** during meetings

Rights:

* Ratifying kick of members, if constitution or duties of members has been breached
* Ratifying exceptional kicks in case of any [EULA](https://www.planetside2.com/eula) breach

To apply as **Staff**, a Member needs to have been active within the community for at least 3 months.

This position has a one month trial when first elected after which the staff decides to validate it by a majority vote.

**Community Policies** will only be valid if it was decided upon by majority votes during an **Staff Meeting**.

## Community Meeting

The Community Meeting is held between **Community Leader** mandates to vote upon Official Members election: **Community Leader, Force Commander** (and all elected individuals) and also **Staff**.

**Community Meeting** will be held at least once per 3 month.

**Community Meeting** sessions are only valid if at least 5 days prior to and immediately before the assembly all members were informed.

**Community Meeting** can be held exceptionally if asked at least by one **Representative** and voted upon during a **Staff Meeting**.

A **Community Meeting** is only open to **members**.

**Community Leader** candidates will present their program (written, spoken or slides) during the **Community Meeting** and the participants will elect a **Community Leader** by a majority vote.

The vote for a Community Leader will take place prior to any other vote, if applicable.

## Elections

Once every three months, **Members** elect the **Community Leader** and **Force Commander** during a **Community Meeting**.

Voting isn't necessary if there's only one candidate.

### Community Leader

Same duties and rights as **Staff**.

Duties:

* Leads the **Staff Meetings** and **Community Meetings**
* Lead the diplomacy between other gaming communities
* Lead the outfit and pass on to new generations of government bodies

Rights:

* Right to decide during votes in case of ties (during **Community Meetings** and **Staff Meetings**)

### Force Commander

Same rights as **Staff**.

Duties:

* Lead an independent military body
* Oversee training for in-game leaders and be the primary escalation for in-game behaviour
* Responsible for engagement with in-game competitions
* Spread our message and promote the outfit

Rights:

* Set up a hierarchy inside the army by the promotion of in-game  leaders and military advisors
* Executive control over all forces on the battlefield and the outfit resources

## Right to Contest

To call for an early reelection, demote or kick an active **Community Leader**, **Force Commander** or an elected individual**,** a **Community Meeting** must be held and all members of the outfit need to be informed at least 3 days before and right before the assembly is held.

A two thirds majority vote of the **Community Meeting** is needed.

Any **Staff** member can be removed by other **Staff** by majority vote, or during a **Community Meeting** of all **Members** by a two-thirds majority vote.

## Amendments

The constitution can only be altered by a vote of a two thirds majority fashion in a **Community Meeting**.
